Add EventStore Hosting and Client integrations (#277)
CommunityToolkit/Aspire: src/CommunityToolkit.Aspire.Hosting.EventStore/README.md

# CommunityToolkit.Aspire.Hosting.EventStore library

> Provides extension methods and resource definitions for the .NET Aspire AppHost to support running [EventStore](https://www.eventstore.com) containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provides extension methods and resource definitions for the .NET Aspire app host to support running [EventStore](https://www.eventstore.com) containers.
```

Author: Addressed in the last commit: https://github.com/CommunityToolkit/Aspire/pull/277/commits/7deb7d5bc32aa830d8266342076c010509f75b88

## Getting Started

### Install the package

> In your AppHost project, install the package using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your app host project, install the package using the following command:
```

Author: Addressed in the last commit: https://github.com/CommunityToolkit/Aspire/pull/277/commits/7deb7d5bc32aa830d8266342076c010509f75b88

```dotnetcli
dotnet add package CommunityToolkit.Aspire.Hosting.EventStore
```

### Example usage

> Then, in the _Program.cs_ file of `AppHost`, add a EventStore resource and consume the connection using the following methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, in the _Program.cs_ file of app host, add a EventStore resource and consume the connection using the following methods:
```

Author: Addressed in the last commit: https://github.com/CommunityToolkit/Aspire/pull/277/commits/7deb7d5bc32aa830d8266342076c010509f75b88
